DOCSP-17642 add cursor definition (#142)
mongodb/docs-java: source/fundamentals/crud/read-operations/cursor.txt

Overview
--------

In this guide, you can learn how to access data using a **cursor** with the
MongoDB Java driver. 

> A cursor is a tool for iterating over database results while only holding a

Reviewer: `tool` is a strange word to use in this context.  Can you re-word?  Perhaps:

    A cursor allows an application to iterate ....

Author: Thanks for the note. I agree "tool" is a strange word, however I would like to try and give readers a description of what a cursor "is" outside of what a cursor "allows". I know when I was first studying database cursors, I had trouble understanding them because a lot of explanations explained them as "you can use a cursor to perform X" rather than giving me a concrete description of the form "a cursor is a ...".

Are any of the following replacements for "tool" acceptable?

- A cursor is a software construct that allows...
- A cursor is a mechanism that allows...
- A cursor is two objects, one within the driver and one within the database, that allows...
- A cursor is an object and protocol that allows...

Just trying to give readers a noun to associate with a cursor. This has been very helpful for me in learning new ideas in the past, and is something we have tried to incorporate into definitions of terms in other sections of the docs.

Reviewer: Mechanism is better.  It's used on https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cursor_(databases) as well FWIW.

Author: Updated to mechanism! Feel free to take another look when you are available.

Overview
--------

In this guide, you can learn how to access data using a **cursor** with the
MongoDB Java driver. 

> A cursor is a tool for iterating over database results while only holding a

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A cursor is a tool that allows you to iterate over database results while only holding a
```
Suggestion: A cursor is used in other places outside of databases. I think it's more accurate to say it allows you to iterate.

Author: I think in this context this is a [database specific term](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cursor_(databases))

Reviewer 2: In that case, I think you need to specify a database cursor since that's what your link says.

subset of them in memory at a given time.

> Read operations that match a large number of documents do not return

Reviewer 2: Issue: The transition here seems a bit rough.  The first sentence here seems to be reiterating the paragraph right before. I think this paragraph should be appended to the previous paragraph to explain how the cursor is used.
